hello welcome to I am sucks at most
truck destruction ah this game here is
one that's created by a few of my mates
from high school some of you might
already know this we spoke to them
during half con it's a monster truck
Destruction is the name of it and
basically we get all all about blowing
the shit out of stuff with your fuckin
truck this is a really really early
build its beta they've actually been
showing is some some cool stuff I'll
show you that in a minute
but this is a basic idea of how it will
look and that's not even true because
they are still doing a lot of work on it
it's in beta like I said it's a pressure
cool
it's just nifty knowing some of your
mates involved in making indie
your skills are there involved in making
indie games and that's just awesome this
campervan possible website on top of the
truck there that lets go fuck up these
buses so after this video I'm hoping
that they'll show me some more stuff and
let me have a play I'm leading up to
their release which they're aiming for
the end of the year
so I can show you guys more but if you
want to stay like completely in the know
of this if indie game developers is is
your jam and you want to know kind of
how they go about making the game
they've got their own channel and they
show some tutorials on that one things
like the model how to making the model
and texturing the model and that kind of
thing there's a bunch of stuff up there
and hopefully they'll continue to do
stuff if people show an interest in it
or if you just can't wait to fuck some
shit up with a monster truck monster try
to your jam then get ready because it's
going to be pretty good right now I'm
going to show you when we caught up with
them at ab con the anime and video game
convention in Adelaide and they showed
us a working demo that is closer to
their release
and what I had to say about what it's
all about
in the indie game room now because I
made so developing an app for Caroline
phones and the Androids
hey boss I do it the iPad
so do it released at the end of you it's
going on basically a Macintosh
it's a destructive monster truck game
it's gonna have licensed vehicles
monster truck bans will know yeah that's
it so though they'll be out of play
there but favorite truck basically smash
up shit and drag you can see it's good
to see that some the boys that we went
to school with doing some good shit
laughs it's end of the year so this man
needs new sails beer
so if you're into indie video game
development and you want to know more
about sort of the process of making a
game or if you really dig monster trucks
I'm go check them out and subscribe to
them and let them know that you're
watching and they might continue to
update some videos it's been a while and
you know might motivate them to get it
out faster because we're all pretty
excited about
enjoy guys thanks for watching I
you